There are 51 config variables.
Each maps to one of the 18 format functions.
This table shows the Expando Definition for each.

alias_format                  AliasFormatDef
attach_format                 AttachFormatDef
attribution_intro             IndexFormatDef
attribution_trailer           IndexFormatDef
autocrypt_acct_format         AutocryptFormatDef
compose_format                ComposeFormatDef
folder_format                 FolderFormatDef
forward_attribution_intro     IndexFormatDef
forward_attribution_trailer   IndexFormatDef
forward_format                IndexFormatDef
greeting                      GreetingFormatDef
group_index_format            GroupIndexFormatDef
history_format                HistoryFormatDef
index_format                  IndexFormatDef
inews                         NntpFormatDef
mailbox_folder_format         FolderFormatDef
message_format                IndexFormatDef
mix_entry_format              MixFormatDef
newsrc                        NntpFormatDef
new_mail_command              StatusFormatDef
pager_format                  IndexFormatDef
pattern_format                PatternFormatDef
pgp_clear_sign_command        PgpCommandFormatDef
pgp_decode_command            PgpCommandFormatDef
pgp_decrypt_command           PgpCommandFormatDef
pgp_encrypt_only_command      PgpCommandFormatDef
pgp_encrypt_sign_command      PgpCommandFormatDef
pgp_entry_format              PgpEntryFormatDef
pgp_export_command            PgpCommandFormatDef
pgp_get_keys_command          PgpCommandFormatDef
pgp_import_command            PgpCommandFormatDef
pgp_list_pubring_command      PgpCommandFormatDef
pgp_list_secring_command      PgpCommandFormatDef
pgp_sign_command              PgpCommandFormatDef
pgp_verify_command            PgpCommandFormatDef
pgp_verify_key_command        PgpCommandFormatDef
query_format                  QueryFormatDef
sidebar_format                SidebarFormatDef
smime_decrypt_command         SmimeCommandFormatDef
smime_encrypt_command         SmimeCommandFormatDef
smime_get_cert_command        SmimeCommandFormatDef
smime_get_cert_email_command  SmimeCommandFormatDef
smime_get_signer_cert_command SmimeCommandFormatDef
smime_import_cert_command     SmimeCommandFormatDef
smime_pk7out_command          SmimeCommandFormatDef
smime_sign_command            SmimeCommandFormatDef
smime_verify_command          SmimeCommandFormatDef
smime_verify_opaque_command   SmimeCommandFormatDef
status_format                 StatusFormatDef
ts_icon_format                StatusFormatDef
ts_status_format              StatusFormatDef
