---
title: Quick IMAP How-To
description: 
date: 2021-02-05
---

# {{ page.title }}

{:.subtitle}
{{ page.description }}
{% include dyk-links.html %}

Here's a quick how-to on getting up and running with using NeoMutt against an
IMAP server.

## Your Account

Tell NeoMutt where to fetch your mail from, and how to authenticate against
your IMAP server. Use an encrypted connection (imaps) whenever possible.
Include your user name in your `folder` setting, which will allow you to easily
switch between different accounts on the same server. Remeber to quote values
that might contain special characters: especially if you're sourcing your
password from some external tool.

```
set folder              = 'imaps://me@example.com@mail.example.com'
set imap_pass           = 'MySecr3tP4ass.'
set imap_authenticators = plain
```

## Your Mailboxes

You can configure NeoMutt to automatically keep an eye on and give you quick
access to all the mailboxes you're subscribed to.

```
set imap_check_subscribed = yes
```

Note that unlike most clients, NeoMutt won't automatically subscribe you to new
mailboxes you create.

Alternatively, you can configure an explicit list of mailboxes you are
interested into, and optionally give them descriptive names.

```
mailboxes +Inbox +Sent
named-mailboxes Spam +Junk
mailboxes +Trash
named-mailboxes "Yummie food" +Lists/master-chef "Gardening" +Lists/green-thumb
```

The `unsorted` sort method for your mailboxes in the sidebar and browser views
will be the order in which they are added in your config file.

For additional details on the `mailboxes` and `named-mailboxes` command, see
the [Monitoring Iincoming Mail](https://neomutt.org/guide/configuration.html#mailboxes)
chapter in the NeoMutt guide.

## Special-Use Mailboxes

Some IMAP implementations recognize special-use mailboxes (see RFC6154).
NeoMutt doesn't currently take advantage of this information, so you'll have to
configure your mailboxes according to your server settings.

```
set spoolfile = +Inbox
set postponed = +Drafts
set record    = +Sent
set trash     = +Trash
```

## Header cache

IMAP provides a mechanism for clients to check the validity of a local copy of
some server-side state, such as which emails exist in a mailbox. NeoMutt can
cache the headers of your emails to minimize the time spent opening a remote
mailbox. There are several backends available, see the `header_cache_backend`
config variable in the reference documentation. Here is an example: if the path
pointed to by `header_cache` is an existing directory, NeoMutt will create
per-mailbox cache files, which are faster than using a single file for
everything.
See [Local Caching](https://neomutt.org/guide/optionalfeatures.html#caching) in
the docs for more info.

```
set header_cache_backend = lmdb
set header_cache         = ~/.config/neomutt/hcache/
```

## Further Speedup

NeoMutt supports two IMAP extensions that might help reduce synchronization
time with your IMAP server. These are CONDSTORE and QRESYNC, both described in
RFC7162. You can enable either or both of them.

```
set imap_qresync   = yes
set imap_condstore = yes
```

## Final Tweaks

For additional tweaks to your IMAP setup, take a look at the list of available
[configuration variables](https://neomutt.org/guide/reference#variables), in
particular at those whose name start with `imap_`.

Credit: [Pietro Cerutti](https://github.com/gahr)
