.TH NEOMUTT-COLOR 1 "October 2025" "NeoMutt" "Color Command Reference"
.SH NAME
neomutt-color
- configure text colors for NeoMutt interface

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B color
.RI simple-object|pattern-object|regex-object|regex-backref-object
.RI { attribute } color-description color-description [user-pattern|user-regex|digit]

.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B color
command in NeoMutt allows users to customize the appearance of the interface by setting foreground and background colors, along with optional text attributes such as bold or underline.

NeoMutt supports different types of objects for colorization:

.TP
.B simple-object
Basic elements of the interface such as message text, headers, markers, sidebar items, and prompts.

.TP
.B pattern-object
Index line components like author, date, flags, labels, subjects, and tags. Can be further filtered by user-provided patterns.

.TP
.B regex-object
Interface areas such as attach headers, message body, and headers. Colors can be applied using user-defined regular expressions.

.TP
.B regex-backref-object
Special status areas where colors can be applied using regex with backreferences.

.SH COLOR SPECIFICATION
Colors can be specified as:
.TP
.B default
Use the terminal default color.

.TP
.B simple-color
A basic color with an optional prefix:
.B alert, bright, light
with one of:
.B black, red, green, yellow, blue, magenta, cyan, white

.TP
.B palette-color
A color from the terminal palette: color0 through color255.

.TP
.B rgb-color
A six-digit RGB color in the form #RRGGBB.

.SH ATTRIBUTES
Text attributes may include:
.B blink, bold, italic, none, normal, reverse, standout, underline

.SH NUMBER RANGE
Numbers are used for palette indexes or backreferences and must be in the range 0-255.

.SH EXAMPLES
color normal bold brightred default
color quoted1 underline lightblue default
color markers none alertyellow black
color index_subject bold green default "Project X"
color header bold blue default "/^Subject:/"
color status bold yellow default "/FLAGGED/" 1

.SH SEE ALSO
neomutt(1)

